PLT-1099: SOPS and SOPS Compatability (#270)
CMSgov/cdap: terraform/modules/platform/README.md

## Example Usage

1. To use data and ssm parameters, import the cdap platform module.
```hcl
## AB2D API Module Usage Example
module "platform" {

>   source    = "git::https://github.com/CMSgov/ab2d-bcda-dpc-platform.git//terraform/modules/platform?ref=PLT-1099"

Reviewer: Keep the helpful comment and fix the repo reference:

```suggestion
  # Ensure `ref` in the following line is pinned to something static
  # e.g. a known branch, commit hash, or tag from **this repository**
  source    = "github.com/CMSgov/cdap//terraform/modules/platform?ref=<hash|tag|branch>"
```

  providers = { aws = aws, aws.secondary = aws.secondary }

  app          = local.app
  env          = local.env
  root_module  = "https://github.com/CMSgov/ab2d/tree/main/ops/services/20-microservices"
  service      = local.service

>   ssm_root_map = local.ssm_root_map

Reviewer: The "local" references in this usage example are not so helpful because we don't know what the values are. It would be better to have example values like "ab2d", "test", "api", etc.

An example for `ssm_root_map` would be especially helpful. I still don't know what it would look like.

  source    = "git::https://github.com/CMSgov/ab2d-bcda-dpc-platform.git//terraform/modules/platform?ref=PLT-1099"
  providers = { aws = aws, aws.secondary = aws.secondary }

  app          = local.app
  env          = local.env
  root_module  = "https://github.com/CMSgov/ab2d/tree/main/ops/services/20-microservices"
  service      = local.service
  ssm_root_map = local.ssm_root_map
}
```
ssm_root_map is a local variable populated by sops that contains SSM parameters keyed to the root module.

## Configure the aws provider with the default tag standards sourced from the `platform` child module
provider "aws" {
  region = "us-east-1"
To retrieve values stored in the sops platform module:
```hcl
default_tags = module.platform.default_tags
```

  default_tags {
    tags = module.platform.default_tags

>   }

Reviewer: Why was the provider example removed? That snippet would likely by useful in creating a new root module.

Reviewer 2: Restored that example.

>   source = "git::https://github.com/CMSgov/cdap.git//terraform/modules/sops?ref=PLT-1099"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  source = "github.com/CMSgov/cdap//terraform/modules/sops?ref=<hash|tag|branch>"
```

module "platform" {
  # Ensure `ref` in the following line is pinned to something static
  # e.g. a known branch, commit hash, or tag from **this repository**
  source = "github.com/CMSgov/cdap//terraform/modules/platform?ref=<hash|tag|branch>"
  providers = { aws = aws, aws.secondary = aws.secondary }

  app         = "ab2d"
  env         = var.env

>   root_module = "https://github.com/CMSgov/ab2d-ops/tree/main/terraform/services/api"

Reviewer: You may wish to update this example for the ab2d repo.

Reviewer 2: Done, included the ssm_root_map parameter.
